Don't forget to read the license before copying, distributing, or modifying.

I've trashed the Getopt::Easy module, not because I don't like it, but because Getopt::Std
is in perl core, so it makes elmer more portable. I've also been asked why I don't
use Net::LWP. The simple answer there is that, just like Getopt::Easy, it's not a part
of perl core, and since people are very likely to have either wget or curl, it's a
portability thing.

I've also made quite a few bug fixes, including xclip, the 'too many arguments'
shell error when trying to paste hugeee files, and the giant if/else tree found in
the bottom of the script. That's been replaced by a convenient switch statement
that adds up the given options -dcX, similar to posix file permissions (1, 2, 4).
This also allowed for errors to be thrown when weird options are used together.

All of the planned services are finished. If you notice any problems, just let me know.
I'll be using elmer myself, so any obvious bugs will prolly be fixed immediately, so
remember to grab the newest copy before you report a bug.

Unforunately, you have to use curl for omp and sudo because of a limitation in wget. :(

There have been quite a few changes since I finished lodgeit. Wget and curl both work now.
Elmer will try wget first, then try curl. If you for some reason just want it to go
right to curl, just use -C. xclip support was added. Elmer can now read from the
clipboard and paste urls to the clipboard with -X and -x, respectively. And another
major change is the option to use environment variables. If any of them are not set,
elmer has built-in defaults or you will be required to enter them on the command line.
If you choose to use them, it can greatly speed of the process of pasting. The variables
are as follows:

	$PASTEDEFAULT (the default paste service)
	$PASTE1 (favorite service 1, option -1)
	$PASTE2 (favorite service 2, option -2)
	$PASTE3 (favorite service 3, option -3)
	$PASTELANG (the default paste language) <- NOT RECOMMENDED IN MOST CASES
	$PASTEEXPIRE (the default paste expiration)
	$PASTENAME (the default name of the paster)
	$PASTEUSER (the default user, used for personal bins, i.e. johndoe.pastebin.com)

You can view the current defaults (whether set by env-var or built in) with -h. Elmer
can also read from stdin with -d now. It can also paste multiple files (by default) and
optionally concatenate them, prefixed with their name, with -c.


Services finished:

	codepad.org        (codepad)
	pastebin.com       (pbcom)
	pastebin.org       (pborg)
	paste.pocoo.org    (lodgeit)
	sprunge.us         (sprunge)
	omploader.org      (omp)
	sudokode.net       (sudo)
	filebin.ca         (fbca)


Dependencies include:
	perl (for the script...) [REQUIRED]
	xclip (for input from and output to xclip) [OPTIONAL]
	wget (for pasting with wget) [OPTION 1/2]
	curl (for pasting with curl) [OPTION 2/2]
